Android Developer
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.
Objective
Over 6 years of IT industry experience with 4+ years of experience as Mobile application 
developer in the field of Android. Experience in developing front end applications for Android 
phones. Experience developing mobile applications on Android platform, building Custom UI using 
Views, ViewGroups, Layouts, Widgets and graphics that scale based on the screen size using 9-
patch images, localization, testing and publishing the applications to the Android Market.
Skills
Python, Java, C, Javascript, Matlab, R.
Work Experience
Android Developer
ABC Corporation
 
­ 
January 2011 – March 2012
 
Environment Eclipse IDE, Android Studio, GenyMotion, Java, Android SDK, Android 
Development Tools (ADT), JSON, XML,
Involved in the full life cycle of the project including analysis design, development, debugging,
testing, and deployment.
Developed the application from specifications and requirement gathering.
Independently handled modules, scope, analysis, design, build, test the code, debug and 
implement application.
Developed products section of the application which provided Multiple Activities, Custom 
Adapters, Base Adapter, List views, Links, Web View, Text Views and so on.
Developed Navigation Drawer for the application, which provides better navigation of apps 
features.
Created new UI Screens and key resource for layout UI work utilizing xml, Shape Drawable, 
Text View, List View, Web View, Buttons, Activities, and Frame Layout.
Android Developer
ABC Corporation
 ­ 
2006 – 2011
 
Helped Develop Insight, which is a tablet application that retrieves data from a CPE and 
displays it
This is done to debug the DSL activity in someones home
Pulled info from a cloud server and coded it onto a tablet
Worked on UI and backend construction
Connected to various computer boards where I retrieved Wi-Fi information from a server - 
Debugged code that was previously worked on by an outsourced company
There were many bugs and crashes in the app, and I cleaned them all, despite the size of the 
code
Retrieved wiring and noise data from the CPE by connecting the tablet to the same network.
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines

Education
IT Technology- 2011(Gyumri Information Technologies Center)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines

